# Headline-Algopay-Hackathon
Blockchain technologies are a game changer for businesses of all sizes, It allows for quick and secure purchases without the need of traditional payment processors and their Complexities.   The Algorand Blockchain prides itself as the world's most decentralized, scalable, and secure blockchain infrastructure. It has a low fee of 0.0005$ and over 26,000,000 Addresses created making it a good Infrastructure for a Businesses to Thrive.  One Solid Builder in this Algorand Ecosystem is the Headline-Inc. HEADLINE INC is an Algorand-Foundation award-winning startup built on the Algorand blockchain. HEADLINE INC is the development group behind AlgoPay, AlgoSwap, AlgoTrade, AlgoGlyph, AlgoCloud, Vaults Protocol, FORUM, PIPELINE-UI, and Algo Astros.  REQUIREMENTS For this Hackathon which is sponsored by HEADLINE, You are required to Sell your Item(s) and/or Service(s) online from your website, Integrating a personalized Payment Link using Headline's AlgoPay.  Make a Pull Request to https://github.com/Headline-Algopay-Hackathon with Your Algorand Wallet Address, Your Email Address and your Twitter Account(optional)   Hackathon participants will have 3 days to explore, experiment, and build.    The hackathon runs from June 10th to June 13th, 2022.   RESOURCES: Algopay Website: https://algopay.finance/ Hertechchoice Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUvYsfGXXxfPx2r6wd8xs7A  PRIZES: 1st POSITION  200 $ALGO 200,000 $CHOICE  2nd POSITION  150 $ALGO 150,000 $CHOICE  3rd POSITION  150 $ALGO 100,000 $CHOICE  Other Participants Share a Pool of 550,000 $CHOICE.
